hey guys it's mike from my review and
today i'm going to review street fighter
4 for the iphone / ipad specifically i'm
going to compare the differences in
playability between these two devices on
the iphone it's portable and you can
take it anywhere for on-the-go sure you
could but if you've got the ipad version
you're in for a real treat how do again
and uppercuts are much more easier to
pull out ultras supers and focus attacks
are also easier to manage especially
when timing is crucial in this video
I'll be showcasing a two round match on
both devices for reference I'll be
playing as ken Masters and the CPU is
playing Ryu on hard mode I haven't tried
the multiplayer whea Wi-Fi options yet
but if there are enough responses I'll
make another video review as always
enjoy and please subscribe enter leave
comments
huh Tokyo totally forgot about that
Oh
that's right
the tiny dancer
man i got totally decimated by that one
but it's okay no one's perfect although
I did get any perfect on that first
round so see you guys later